Hello.
Good afternoon. Good afternoon,
sir. Good afternoon, sir.
Good afternoon, sir.
Okay, so I'll be, uh,
giving today a little bit of like, uh, you know, guidelines,
like what other things will be going through for this
lab along with that one, how the, like, uh,
the special attention should do that be, uh, like
how the evolution parameters are there
and how you should be focusing on this subject
to score maximum mark and all.
So I'll give you like a brief introduction in today's one.
And, uh, today's class will be basically on one side, uh,
do deliver the understanding what are the things that, uh,
each by each week will be actually progressing,
and towards the end, what we'll be able to learn.
Fine. Shall we start?
Yes. Yes, sir.
Okay.
Okay. So this is a successive lab of your,
because here in second steps, you have already dealt
with the data science lab.
Now, this AI system level that will be having a little bit
of flavor of this data science level, knowledge
that is, that will be recorded.
And that one will be diving a little bit into the ai along
with a little bit of the basic ml, the classic ML part,
which is also subset of ai.
So let's understand what are the things we are going to, to,
uh, the objectives will be simple that, uh, uh,
you are having suppose the practical knowledge,
but you are not having the, like, theoretical knowledge
how the models are there.
Like which models are better for you
or like, uh, you know, yes, there are several set of data,
which kind of model you should be using.
Um, so that is the bridge between the theory
and practical that we are trying to actually minimize along
with that one, uh, like how we can go
for the AI ML model training, all those things
of the CSP things, uh, like searching algorithms.
Along with that one, um, basic idea is the black box as
the AI is a black box behind it,
what it is running the extra AI part.
Uh, so how each of the parameters
and all those things inside they are working on.
So the module one will be focusing on the foundations of ai.
In this one, we are going basically the environment center.
What is the, you know,
the lab one basically for today's lab.
So the idea is you are already having the expertise
of the data handling, data visualization
and manual setup, everything you are already having.
So we are wasting this one.
So, uh, there will be few tasks related to the BS I, uh,
previous semester, no, the lab labs.
And based on that, some tasks you'll be able
to complete on those things for the data handling
and data visualization.
Now coming to the lab two
and three here, uh, one thing we are having that is the
informed search and an informed search.
So, uh, DF SB FS we are already familiar with.
Uh, basically in informed search,
we are providing extra parameters
to make the agents a little bit, uh, more smart.
So AI is starting from this point onwards.
So in this one, the a star, uh, research algorithms, uh,
okay, these kind of algorithms will be exploring in
the, uh, third lab.
Uh, this is like one of the problems you might have heard
during your graduates
and all N queen problem on, uh,
nine queen problem, these kind of things.
So, so apart from that one,
there are like multiple problems like, uh, map problems,
and all those are like constraints,
satisfaction problems, csp as we say.
So how to deal with these kind of problems, how can, like
what are the stacks
and like, uh, you know, logical ways are there.
So instead of like hard coding everything
with the problems with the, like, uh, you know,
the problems can modify, understand the things
and give you the solutions in that regard.
So that is the lab. Three CSP,
the constraints satisfaction problem will be discussed.
So in the module, uh, two, that is the lab four onwards.
So we are having supervised learning.
Initially we'll be learning the
basic older thing that is regression.
So it'll be basically, uh, revision of the things,
but we'll be diving into more, uh, you know,
advanced data sets and all.
So how you can apply, how you can,
uh, optimize those kind of things.
Uh, then, uh, we are in jumping into the decision.
So in decision how it works, how the basic, uh, you know,
entities within the decision for making the, like each
of the nodes, success nodes, like tree structure,
how they're formed and all they,
and will be understanding that one or no.
Also, uh, developing these kind of groups and all.
Now coming to the like, uh, so lab six
and seven, we are having an advanced classifier.
So in, in this one, uh, SVM and Kenya.
So SBM is known for like, if you're having complex dataset,
which are like not linearly separate, all in those cases,
there are multiple kernels and all.
So we'll be going into, uh, all these things.
So like, where is data
to which algorithms you should be using
or which kernels should be using?
What are the like, uh, in the backend, how they're working?
And all along with that one, in Labate, we are having never,
it gives you, uh, bits of this thing.
So this is very actually close to your clustering algorithm.
So that is also the, uh, classes.
So, uh, class, uh, sorry, lab number eight
and lab number nine.
We are having, um, uh, prob listing models.
So in this model we'll be having, um,
basically conditional probability, non probability, a base,
how actually well one kept
after the other, how base is can be implemented,
and how these are actually useful for, uh,
doing classification problems or not.
Now, uh, lab nine will be focusing on the key,
uh, means clustering.
So that is the key means clustering we having and k
and then algorithm having both are anyway similar,
but one is used for the regression model, uh, model,
and another is used for here, uh, clustering method.
So after doing this, uh, we are having a little bit
of advanced, uh, sides of the dimens reduction of the, like,
uh, unsupervised lending itself.
We are having principle, uh, principle component analysis,
PCA, and uh, t distributions to custom.
So these two algorithms are basically used for your, uh,
pre-processing of the data.
So you are having huge amount of data.
Uh, you are, uh, you know, a device
and, uh, like, uh, the system you are not unable to train
and how you can like, uh,
compress the data without sacrificing much
of the information.
Suppose you are having, uh, 10 columns, okay, in the data,
10 features are there, how you can minimize the three
or four columns, and instead of losing 70% of data, uh,
data will be still having like 90, 95% of data demand.
With the PCA, how we are able to do
and s is a visualizing algorithm where, uh, like
multidimensional data you can draw and visualize.
Uh, this is very helpful for analysis purposes.
Now, the final lab will be lab 11.
So 11 lab will be having, uh, for this, uh,
you know, uh, subject.
So lab 11 will be, uh, jumping into neural networks,
how forward proposition, backward provision, each
of the nodes are hidden layers.
So they put out layers, how you can, um, go from other, uh,
like, uh, various other algorithms you could build
from this knowledge.
So we'll be also deploy, uh, deploying this one
after having the theoretical knowledge based on the, uh,
like, uh, this, uh, backend and all.
So, uh, as you can see, we are having 11 labs,
which will be focusing on the, uh, this, uh, you know,
practical side of thing
where the classes will be having direct, uh, learning, uh,
as well as the development side.
Now, uh, as we supposed to have 14 labs, the three labs,
that is 12, 13, 14, that will be actually, uh,
after each of the three or four labs.
So the, these are now going to the grading policy.
Now, you'll be able to understand, so in 11 labs,
you are required to submit 10 assignments.
So one assignment you can skip
and on the basis of each of the labs,
whatever the problems will be there, you'll be submitting
as an assignment for each of the labs.
Each of the assignments will be carrying four mark.
So that is, uh, 10 assignments into four marks.
40% will be there for your grading. Okay?
Attendance will be 10%.
Uh, okay, now 14 labs will do there, 11 labs are there.
Uh, as for the like, uh, uh, this, uh, you know,
uh, structure.
So three labs, three will be graded labs.
So after, uh, four labs
or three labs, there will be one graded labs that each
of the grade labs will be carrying 15% of the mark.
Fine. And there's a, like a extra credit kind of point
where the classroom notes.
So suppose, uh, you,
you are building your own, uh, notebook.
Suppose that is a form or that might be your, uh, hard copy.
So from the initial classes to end classes, how the, each
of the things from this, uh, you know, uh, uh,
uh, materials along with the other sources of materials,
you are able to like, uh, create some kinda, uh, manual kind
of things where like, uh, a new can understand
where these are the topics,
and through that I should be studying this.
And this should be the code and outcome
and all, uh,
a structure you have created a manual layer created
for the subject and all if you are submitting this one,
so classroom notes will be carrying that 5% mark for that.
So, uh, the grading system, simple,
11 labs will be there out 11 labs, 10 labs will be, uh,
10 assignments.
You can submit each of them. CAD will be, uh, four marks.
Attendance will carry 10 mark.
Grade labs will be there, three numbers of grade labs.
So after every three
or four labs, one grade lab will be there.
Then we are having the class, uh, room notes. Okay?
So this is the whole structure of the lab.
So first, today's class, we are not having anything special
that is the like, uh, initial the environment setup.
You are already familiar with the libraries
and everything, uh, from the previous lab,
data handling and visual.
Aha. Another thing I need to tell you, for each of these,
uh, you know, assignments you'll be having, uh, seven days
of time to actually complete the task and submit it.
So suppose we are taking the, uh, classes on Saturday.
So before the next week class,
you need to submit the assignment.
That will be the, like a weekly, uh,
basic thing will be following.
So seven days of time for each
of the assignments will be there and labs within that day.
We need to do that and, uh, submit it.
Thank, okay, now coming to this lab, so
a set of problems I'll be providing based on your like, uh,
older knowledge and the data handling
and data visualization, uh, you are asked
to actually complete this one
and submit it within the next week.
Okay? So lemme show you the task.
So this, uh, classroom notes, what you mentioned, it is
to be updated at the end of every day or by next day,
At the end of the semester,
End of the semester, the full class notes for all,
uh, entirely, right? Yeah.
It's up to you if you're able to do it, like
for two classes, three classes, some section
that is also welcome.
It's not like the entire thing you
Understood, but when, then if, let's say, okay,
I'm just trying to clarify because for other mm-hmm.
Uh, other, uh, subjects, what they generally,
the process is there once the cla once the class end ends,
so there is a, uh, notes section
where we have to update it, right?
Does this summarize what it has been covered?
So it is of the similar sort,
or it is just a, uh, kind of a notes across all these areas.
Yeah, it is a similar, uh, pattern,
but at the end of the semester, you can compile all
of the things you have like created.
Suppose I'll give you one example.
You are already doing the, uh, you know, assignments
and everything, and you'll be submitting,
so along the assignment, if some documents related to the,
like, uh, theoretical side, you, if you can attach
and combine those things, you'll be able
to one single file, right?
And you'll be able to submit
Understood, based Of the like, quality
of those things, mark will be given,
Okay? And these, uh,
as assignments, uh, which need, need
to be submitted every next week.
So you'll be uploading that, uh, by end of, uh,
end of the Saturdays.
Uh, like I, I'll be giving you the like every day
after this, like theoretical part
or the, uh, task part will be there along with
that two, we'll be sitting together.
So, so, so seven days of time will be there.
You compile it, complete it, compile it, and submit it,
Okay? Okay.
Okay. So, uh, shall we go to the first problem, I guess,
And this, uh, uh, this document which you're showing now,
it'll also be available in the LMS.
Yeah, obviously I'll be uploading each of the documents.
Whatever I'm showing here,
Everything Will be uploaded in your LMS photo,
Okay? Okay. Okay.
Okay. So see, today we are having one, uh, like, uh,
this set of task is there.
So four section, four, uh, uh, sections there.
Like, uh, if you start doing it, it'll take five
to 10 minutes for each of them.
So first thing, first you need
to download this data set, okay?
Uh, this sales data set we we're talking about.
So the sales dataset will be downloading, okay?
Initially you'll be going through, these are the factors,
the loading of the dataset in partners, uh,
then identifying the missing values, uh, handle those
with the appropriate strategy
or whether whatever sort of backfill for will, uh,
mean field or when you are dropping it
and state it like this understanding
for this reason, right?
Uh, now you need to do, uh, create a column. Okay?
On this column, you combine the things, uh,
you create a feature, okay?
I think this is repeated.
Ah, you need to create a feature, total value in this one,
whatever the sales value is there,
it'll be adding this one.
So new column will be adding, okay,
you need sold divided by number of times.
So effective value for the each
of the like selling products.
Now, uh, uh, in the section A, the problem four states,
generic frequency distribution of region of the product.
So you can go for the scatter plot
and all with the, so like, uh, respective parameters.
Now going to the problem two, uh,
that is compute mean median mode variance,
standard deviation, uh, for the unit sold.
So one unit sold, uh, will be having one parameter,
particular attribute parameter
that mean median mode variance.
Those things you need to calculate,
either you go further like, uh, existing, uh, bundles, uh,
features, or you can manually do it by
tracking the information.
Now going to the section B, that is the visualization, EDA,
you need to plot like a program box plot
of revenue by region.
Uh, create a code relation heat map with all columns.
We can directly do it through one of the plots.
Now, section C, we are having, uh,
time series and regression.
We're already familiar with this topic.
So resample the data to monthly to, uh, totales
of the total value plot, the timeframe,
and fit a simple linear regression model
to predict monthly total values that is there,
and four parties, whatever the ation model you have applied.
Based on that, you have to calculate the RQ
and residual block.
After doing that, uh, you do the multi regression
where you take multiple variables instead
of like two variables, you are taking unit, so unit price
discount, and as a, like a, uh, dependent variable,
you're taking the credit revenue.
So we can split the data by 80 20,
train the linear regression model,
and also you go further, uh, mean ator
and route means coordinator, right?
So these are the tasks that have to begin this part.
So save it and I'll upload it, right?
So this is graded, right?
This one, this as an assignment.
Okay? So it means like it'll be counted in
that 40 months, right? Yeah.
Once we do this, 11 labs will be there.
One you can skip 10, you can, you need to submit at most.
Okay, so 10 we need to submit in total, right? Okay.
So all will be like counted in that 40,
Yeah, sure.
There is kind of like a smaller, smaller portion, one
after another stacking,
and you're getting higher ones for higher. So
If we like, uh, once we do this assignment upload,
it'll be counted for four months.
Yeah, Sure. Yeah.
Okay. So this, this one,
The, what is the timeline for this
before the start of next means? Before next,
Before the start of the next class.
Okay. For every assignment that will be followed.
Okay?
So start of the next class means, uh, by,
By 12, you know, pm you can like, uh, submit,
Okay? Because AI systems
has also in the morning, I,
I think there is another AI systems class in, uh,
somewhere in mid of the week also.
Okay, then will you doing what?
Uh, uh, I need to also check.
Is there,
Right? So in that case
means like, uh,
I think it'll be he helpful if you give a time one week.
So by next
It's one week time. Yeah.
Yeah.
So the class is from 10 45 to 1145,
and the system last the practices is two to four.
Okay? So the basic idea of like, uh, from two more,
like, uh, next week onwards from 10 45 to 1140,
we'll be having the theoretical season
and two to four you can sit
and have the problems like, uh,
live you can do and have the problems.
We'll discuss and we'll solve it.
And if you are like, uh, already familiar with the things
and all, you can skip this, uh, like, uh,
the second season, okay?
And, uh, you can submit it to like within the timeframe.
Understood. Okay,
Answer this. Attendance
is my mandatory for 10 45 to 1145.
Yeah, that will 10, like not mandatory.
The 10% like the month, ah, that's be accounted for. 10 45.
Yeah, it's mandatory only. Yeah. Okay.
And two to four, we won't be counting
because there are like, see, there are are multiple, uh,
you know, candidates who are having very good, uh, like, uh,
hands on things and all, so they don't need to sit
because they won't be learning much.
That's the thing. So that, that two
to four will be, uh, basically your optional thing.
If you need to sit down, if you need help,
then you are welcome here.
And if you're like, uh, thinking that you'll be able
to do it and you're already having the knowledge,
and then you are on your own, you can submit the
as assignments you'd like, fine,
sir, we can use Google collab, right?
Uh, to search, yeah, Google collapse, Jupyter Notebook,
any other things, it is up to you.
Whatever Id you are familiar with that is fine.
Google call for like beginners
and who works the hassle free thing.
So every, you know, libraries
and dependencies all are,
everything is already solved in the Google call.
So that is preferable if you're in a beginner level.
Some, some of the people are having like huge systems
and all having a lot of CPUs, GPUs, they like
to run their codes in their, uh,
systems native, not in the cloud.
So for them, they actually try to, uh, do the all the,
you know, uh, customization, dependency, uh, solving
and all, and they code their like, uh,
things in their native systems.
Okay? What is the recommended, sir?
So see if your hardware permits you to do that,
you are having a good desktop
or like a gaming PC kind of thing, then, uh, I think
that UBIT and notebook takes advantage of the, your GPU,
your CPU and all.
But if you're having like a system which is not very fast
for like thin and light laptops
or MacBook, then in that case Google collab is better.
Like a, as for like, uh, you know, comfortness goes,
and if you're into, uh, these things like, uh,
not very techy and all, uh, uh, dependency solutions
and all those things, you don't wanna deal
with those things, okay?
Versions and all. Then Google collab is also waiting.
Yes, sir. Okay, so I'll share this to the, uh,
ta I think Magna, ma'am is, uh, the TA for today?
I'll be sharing. Uh, yes, sir. Yeah, yeah.
I'll be sharing you, uh, these two documents, uh, the,
this task, okay?
Okay. Along with the other thing that is the PPD,
so you can share it to them.
Okay. I'll be also uploading these two in the LMS
later, sir.
Uh, this is not given me my
lms, sorry.
Hello? Magna. Yes, sir.
Yeah, but in my LMS it's not given, yeah, I,
I'll send you the copies.
Okay. So you can upload this
or, uh, actually I'll be uploading in the LMS
letter meanwhile mm-hmm.
Transfer this, or I can send someone directly,
can I share here some files?
And here in the call you can share
It. So you
can share in the chat.
Yeah.
So today lab will be for like two hours, or is it one hour?
Yeah, this, this is actually the afternoon session
is the practice session, right?
Okay, sir. Uh, so the basic idea we have is, uh, to
like do the hands-on session in this one
and the part in the morning half.
Okay. Okay.
So I have shared these two copies. Okay.
Later I'll be uploading these to LMS as well.
Yes, sir. So you can go through, okay.
And if you, uh, need to solve these things
and have some problems, I, I am here also here.
We will be trying to help you. Thank, okay,
Sir? Uh,
Yes, Sir, I have, uh, some suggestions, sir,
I've just gone through the, uh, syllabus, which you have,
uh, indicated in the slide.
So like most of them, they're covering that the classical,
uh, this thing mission learning models.
So now most of the other projects are inclined towards the
deep learning models, so any of the variance of, uh,
neural networks and advanced neural network architectures,
including the transformers,
if these things are getting covered in this, uh, lab.
So that will be really helpful
and, uh, much more useful for us to do the project also,
because now we are in the semester two.
Okay? Uh, I can do one thing.
I will modify like few of the, like, uh, this initial,
this classification application.
Those things are there. I can combine two labs into one.
Yes, I'll try to have few of the labs free of for the like,
uh, no, uh, neural networks
and like, uh, variations from network.
Okay.
Focus. Yes. So some one can be introduced
us, so we can have hands on.
Yeah, that one, like the, like, uh, the, you know,
various, uh, modified algorithms
and all, all those things, how they come into play,
how you can create your own set like algorithms,
and so we can also dive into those territories.
Yes. Yeah.
So, uh, we'll try to do actually one by one, we'll try
to cover and we'll see the pace and everything.
And, uh, if we are able to like a, uh,
call a merge like two labs into one thing,
one lab, something like that.
Because if, uh, if you're already familiar
with the machine landing on all of the classical ones,
so instead of one, two algorithms we can learn in a day.
If we like stress a little bit, uh,
then we'll be having some of the last free up
for like advanced landings and all,
Everyone is not familiar and, uh,
with those kind of advanced things,
But, uh, initially, but I agree.
Good. Uh, that is what I'm saying.
If like, uh, see, suppose I'm teaching
and multiple questions are coming from the, uh, season
and all, what I'll be understanding,
so the students will be requiring more time to settle down,
understand the, so I'll yeah, uh, move a little bit slower.
Uh, the pace will be getting slower in those cases if like,
uh, if you know, like, uh, understanding rate is very high
and all at that scene, we can push it a little harder
and we can go to the little bit harder, uh,
like uhdemonstrated.
So it is like a dynamic situation we can experiment on.
So like, that's what we can do.
Uh, so many are from various, uh, different,
uh, departments. That is,
That's it. Yeah,
I understand.
So also, like, uh, I don't think you'll be having hard time
to understand these things because these are like, it,
it is just like, it looks big,
but inside there's nothing much to actually see you, uh,
fear the town, like SVM, uh, uh, net base
and all those things inside those basic algorithms here,
those are actually combined
and cluttered together to give you a like, optimal solution.
So if you understand those parts,
that will be very much easy,
Right, sir? Right?
Yeah. Yeah. Thank you, sir.
Yeah, No,
Yes.
Is there, there is no end semester exam
or waiver or any kind thing?
No, no. Nothing will be there. There is a continuous
assessment or thing.
The continuous will be doing the grading
and all grade labs, three grade labs will be there.
And, uh, for each of the assignments, uh,
some marks will do they see in previous labs
and all you used to submit the assignments
and all there, I, I don't know whether there are some
marks involved or not.
So many of the students used to submit, many of the students
didn't submit something like that.
So this will be a continuous practice, so at least, uh,
like hands-on practice will be there.
And that is the idea.
If you're doing the hands-on practices,
you are inspecting the things,
then you'll learn that is the idea.
And beyond that, you'll be also, uh, benefiting
with some points or marks.
Okay? Uh, I have already shared,
please go through these things.
Uh, the p pt keep it with you.
So that will be beneficial for your, like, uh, you know
how the things will be going
and, uh, uh, for the lab one, lab two, uh,
subsequently files will be created.
The task will be greater on the afternoon session.
These will be practice,
and the morning hub will be going through the, uh,
theoretical fundamentals, ideas and everything.
So it, it'll be desired
that you do not miss the class if you don't have the
idea about the topics.
And if you are having already idea, you know,
like not on the like practical side,
the theoretical side is very much important.
Whenever you're actually applying the practical side,
suppose you are having like one data set, like, uh,
I have seen multiple people, they do what they,
they know 10, uh, supervised learning algorithms.
They'll be applying 10 supervised algorithm,
and they'll find out like, this is the best model I got.
Why don't you have the, like, understandings
of those models earlier?
So you can pick one or two models
and you'll directly apply those models
and you'll get the, like, optimal instead
of like wasting resources and wasting time.
So those kind of things,
you'll be having understandings once you understand the
like, uh, logical
and the, you know, mathematical side of the algorithms.
So that is the idea you should be having
after the having master.
So master's in data science.
So you should be having those knowledge that's, uh,
like my point of view from like, uh,
what is expected from you.
Okay. Anyways, uh, do continue,
come here if you're having any doubts and any questions and,
And, uh, three, uh, graded assignments.
Yeah. So whatever we, uh, learn in the classes,
It'll Be covered in the same thing in the graded as
Right. Suppose, um,
stating, uh,
three labs we complete first three labs we're completing.
Then in the fourth lab we'll have graded lab.
So to that one we'll notify that one.
So in that lab, whatever,
in the last three labs we have done,
we'll have graded lab based on those three
or those four previous labs.
Okay. Got it.
It's kind of a continuous, you know,
exam kind of thing, you can see.
Got it.
Okay. Any other doubts and questions?
Sorry, sir. I just joined.
Uh, is, is there, uh, like other subjects we have, uh,
you know, a plan for all the classes, right?
You have any sort of PDF for what, which we
Yeah, I'll be, I'll be uploading every like, uh,
documents related whatever present here,
whatever the documents associated with everything
to your L portal.
Okay. So today we discuss about like what are the things
that we are going through, uh, basically each
of the labs we'll be carrying
and how the like assessments will be carried out.
So the grading policy that is there, we discuss mainly
and, uh, what is to be expected from the 11 to 11, sorry,
10 45 to 1145.
The class will happen on the theoretical side,
and from two to four, that will
be a practical side of things.
And there,
Sorry, is that something like a syllabus you are gonna
share, publish syllabus kind of thing?
Yeah, syllabus is there.
So first lab is basically as for the syllabus, which was,
uh, said earlier, so this is basically the lab one consist
of in set up data handling, data visualization.
These are already, you are familiar with
because of the, like last lab, uh, the data
lab you have already completed.
So based on that one, uh, problem stack I have created.
So, okay, I, my screen is not visible, right?
Uh, really sorry, yes, I was seeing my screen. Just a sec.
No, no, sir. Not, not for today.
I'm just thinking overall for the whole semester, uh,
do we have syllabus, like for other subjects?
We have syllabus, right? Like that? Yeah,
Syllabus, I just, uh, discussed.
Okay. Okay. And, uh, I'll upload the syllabus,
I'll upload the associate P PT
and I have also uploaded the lab one.
Okay. Okay, sir.
Okay. And the p pt also,
you can find the grading policy in the, like, uh, that one,
uh, this,
uh, grade, uh, like, uh, the syllabus
that is grading policy is also, uh, mentioned in that
For the graded lab, what will be the duration, sir?
Duration will be like, uh,
this afternoon session will be only,
will be taken two hours, the, like, based on two hours,
whatever the like, you know, problematic formation
and you'll be able to solve this one.
So morning hub will be, uh, I don't think that will be taken
or if it is taken, uh,
we'll be doing some doubt in classes and all.
And afternoon, there will be the grade lines,
two hours will be given based on that you complete it,
you compile it and you submit it.
Okay, sir. And in special cases
and all, if you're having some problems, urgency,
other things traveling, something like that, you contact me,
I'll, uh, prior to that one, so I can like, uh, do some kind
of like a workaround to actually facilitate some kind
of other avenue for that.
You mean to say, sorry, I, I didn't got that.
You mean to say that two hours somebody has to d uh,
complete that in that in two hours? Yeah.
Grade lab, grade lab is not like as assignments,
you don't have seven days.
You have to complete within the time
if you are having some problems for like, uh,
if you're traveling, if you're having some, uh,
urgent things and all, you are not able to attend that one.
So you contact me, uh, prior to the grade lab,
and so some workaround,
I'll be providing some maybe like one
or two level extra like, uh, more modules
or something you have to complete.
I suppose one day something like that has, will be given
so you can complete the task and submit.
So, uh, how many grade labs will,
will be there in the whole section?
Three grade labs will be there.
Each of the grade labs will be having 15 months.
Gotcha. And, uh, you
and this, this, uh, the dates of these graded labs
will be available in the, uh, in the LMS.
Which dates are there so that we can plan things.
I'll notify you. So after every three
or four labs will be having one graded lab,
Okay? After every
three or four labs means
once in a month almost, uh,
Oh yeah.
You can say, is it MCQ or,
Uh, programming sir?
Uh, programming. Okay.
For graded lab, within that duration only, we need
to submit or it'll, we'll have time.
If in case or not case of emergency, you do not drag it,
I'll suggest you.
Okay? So within some time, uh, uh, it is reside
to you that you submit it.
Okay, sir? Sir, please increase time
for graded lab two hours.
Little bit tight.
Okay, we'll see to that one.
Okay, we'll see, like,
see grade labs are like a monitoring purposes.
We have to like, okay, let's just say the,
in the first grade lab, we'll see how the time is required
and how many people are having problems and all.
If like, uh, you know, most of us are able to manage
that one, uh, within two hours, we're able to complete
that one, then I do think it is fine.
If it is not like, uh, we are not able to finish everything,
then we'll increase the time limit and Right.
Let's just go with the process, I guess. Okay.
Uh, according to that, I said
that dynamically we'll be switching according to the
understanding level and everything.
We might decrease the syllabus,
we might increase the syllabus based upon the like flow
of the class, right?
Yes. And this is happening over the weekend, right?
And, uh, every time we should not put some excuses
for this kind of activity.
So only if enough time is there, in
that case everybody will come in that bracket.
Okay, fine. Then I, I can like, uh, I'll have a, uh,
consultation with the, like, uh,
you know, other team members.
Then we'll discuss if you're able
to actually increase the grade lab, uh, time limit, right?
Yes. Yes. Okay, sir.
Thanks. Only thing is that, uh, if you can publish this
calendar ahead, that means like, you know now maybe in a,
by, by next week something that will be helpful
because what happens, like many times we plan something
That's an excellent idea.
Yeah, I'll actually do that.
I'll share that to like what, what are the dates where the,
like the grade lab video, something like that.
Yeah, that's an excellent, thank you.
And I hope this, uh,
this today's session will also be
available in the LMS, right?
Because it has a lot of informations, huh?
Yeah. Every see whatever the PPTs
and PDFs, whatever,
also here I'll be uploading everything in lms.
No, I'm talking about this, uh, session, uh, this video
of this ones, right, whatever we, yeah, yeah.
Uh, sir, can we drop off if it's done for today?
Yes. Yes.
Uh, somebody has messaged, uh, yeah, please, uh,
do check the, like added attachments in the chat.
Okay. Uh, that like, uh, the task is already given
and, uh, the like one PPT, uh, you'll be able to find
so basic like, uh, what is the structure of this, uh,
lab is there and what is the grad policy that is also there?
So can you share it again?
I think since I started late I
couldn't see the chat history.
Okay.
Uh, just a second.
Yes, it is uploaded.
Uh, sir, one question,
sir, are you there?
Yes. Uh, yes.
So for the first problem, third one, you asked us
to create a new feature.
Uh, does total value mean total revenue?
Yeah. Okay, then it should be like, uh,
units sold into, uh, unit price, right?
Mm-hmm. Uh, correct sir, because you gave by time. So,
Uh, sorry, could you repeat?
I was asking since total value means total revenue, uh,
the formula should be unit sold, uh, multiplied
by unit price.
Yeah. That, uh, that you can do.
Okay. Okay, sir. Thank you.
Uh, sir, what is the deadline for this assignment today?
One week. One week? Okay,
Sir.
Excuse me sir.
Sir, are you available?
Hello, sir? Hello?
Yes, sir. Is not in the class. Just
Drop. Okay, no problem.
No, no, just dropping off. So it's done.
Okay. So when, and uh, submission link will be activated.
It's not there, it is there.
Uh, I will ask sir.
And it, uh, let you guys know
because it'll be uploaded in the lms.
You repeat
Transformer A,
Your voice is breaking, sir, not audible.
Yeah, what, what was the
question? Could you actually repeat?
So LMS, where we have to upload
as it is not any link available to upload email.
Uh, we'll be shortly giving you the link, uh,
keep the documents with you.
Uh, once it is there you can upload it.
There is still time, right? Seven days time is there?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure sir. Thank you. Dropping off.
Nice. Yeah,
You too
Off?
Yes, the class will end now. I'll be ending the session.
Thank you.
Thank you madam.